Thankfully we didn't participate
Don't let it go badly.
This land is worth only 100 million yuan
Now you lose a lot of money.
The enemy will never develop the Southern Dynasty
Ren Laobai is also the property of our Qin family
It seems that it is your Qin family that is going to disappear
It's all because of you
I've been hurt by you this time
Seven Less Seven Less
These two bitches must be deliberately plotting against us
They hold
The fake contract of Diyun Group is lying to me.
You you
And you
I can't live without you
Sir?
What the hell is going on here?
When we first worked with Huanying Group
There was a ghost in the Ye family
And the Qin family is making trouble
So Shen Yan came up with a way
He found out Uncle Ye Wan, the inner ghost of the Ye family
It also caused the Qin family to suffer a serious situation
Yevanwa
I really didn't see you eating inside and out
No dad
Blame me, blame me for being obsessed
But when you give the vice president to the night
Have you ever thought about how I feel?
Shut up!
Start today.
You were expelled from the industrialist
Pay off the bill
Lost 30 billion
Mr. Shen, it can't be all my fault
It's all the Ye family and that Shenyang ghost
Made me buy a rotten piece of land
Shenyang
He didn't die